Release 1.27.0-rc (#2768)
googleforgames/agones: site/content/en/blog/releases/1.27.0-rc.md

---
title: "1.27.0 - Release Candidate"
linkTitle: "1.27.0-rc"
date: "2022-10-18"
---
This is the 1.27.0-rc release of Agones.

> This release brings us support for Kubernetes 1.23, so if you are installing this release, remember to upgrade your clusters.

Reviewer: nit on mark's suggestion that autoscaler is spelled incorrectly. 

another nit: change from "updated to a bunch of internal dependencies" to "updated a number of internal dependencies"

Check the README for details on features, installation and usage.

Implemented enhancements:

- Allow cluster autoscaler to scale down game server pods [\#2747](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/issues/2747)
- \[GKE\] - Should we enable image streaming everywhere? [\#2746](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/issues/2746)
- Support Agones on ARM systems [\#2216](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/issues/2216)
- Update example containers to fix security vulnerabilities [\#1154](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/issues/1154)

> 

Reviewer 2: Do we also want to callout the [Go version upgrade](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/pull/2743)

Reviewer: That's a good idea. I just added the `kind/feature` label to that PR so it will be included (but we need to re-run the changelog generator to pick it up).

[gcr.io/agones-images/allocation-endpoint-proxy:0.2](https://gcr.io/agones-images/allocation-endpoint-proxy:0.2)
[gcr.io/agones-images/autoscaler-webhook:0.5](https://gcr.io/agones-images/autoscaler-webhook:0.5)
[gcr.io/agones-images/cpp-simple-server:0.15](https://gcr.io/agones-images/cpp-simple-server:0.15)
[gcr.io/agones-images/crd-client:0.7](https://gcr.io/agones-images/crd-client:0.7)
[gcr.io/agones-images/nodejs-simple-server:0.8](https://gcr.io/agones-images/nodejs-simple-server:0.8)
[gcr.io/agones-images/rust-simple-server:0.11](https://gcr.io/agones-images/rust-simple-server:0.11)
[gcr.io/agones-images/simple-game-server:0.14](https://gcr.io/agones-images/simple-game-server:0.14)
[gcr.io/agones-images/supertuxkart-example:0.6](https://gcr.io/agones-images/supertuxkart-example:0.6)
[gcr.io/agones-images/unity-simple-server:0.3](https://gcr.io/agones-images/unity-simple-server:0.3)
[gcr.io/agones-images/xonotic-example:0.9](https://gcr.io/agones-images/xonotic-example:0.9)

Helm chart available with this release:

> helm install agones agones/agones --version {version}

Reviewer 3: This is missing links and list formatting

> Make sure to add our stable helm repository using helm repo add agones https://agones.dev/chart/stable

Reviewer 3: This should be quote formatted.

**Implemented enhancements:**

- Allow cluster autoscaler to scale down game server pods [\#2747](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/issues/2747)
- \[GKE\] - Should we enable image streaming everywhere? [\#2746](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/issues/2746)
- Support Agones on ARM systems [\#2216](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/issues/2216)
- Update example containers to fix security vulnerabilities [\#1154](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/issues/1154)

Documentation: https://development.agones.dev/site/

See <a href="https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/blob/release-1.27.0-rc/CHANGELOG.md" data-proofer-ignore>CHANGELOG</a> for more details on changes.

Images available with this release:

- [gcr.io/agones-images/agones-controller:1.27.0-rc](https://gcr.io/agones-images/agones-controller:1.27.0-rc)
- [gcr.io/agones-images/agones-sdk:1.27.0-rc](https://gcr.io/agones-images/agones-sdk:1.27.0-rc)
- [gcr.io/agones-images/agones-ping:1.27.0-rc](https://gcr.io/agones-images/agones-ping:1.27.0-rc)

> - [gcr.io/agones-images/agones-allocator:{1.27.0-rc](https://gcr.io/agones-images/agones-allocator:1.27.0-rc)

Reviewer: There is an extra `{` left in this line. It should be `gcr.io/agones-images/agones-allocator:1.27.0-rc`

---
title: "1.27.0 - Release Candidate"
linkTitle: "1.27.0-rc"
date: "2022-10-19"
---
This is the 1.27.0-rc release of Agones.

> This release brings us support for go v 1.19.1, so if you are installing this release, remember to upgrade your version.
> 
> This release has lots of important changes including:
> - Enable image streaming everywhere by default 
> - An example of setting autoscaler behavior in a Fleet. 
> - Log cleanup for pods not yet running

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this release Agones upgrades to Go 1.19 (from 1.17!), so we can take advantage of all the [improvements therein](https://tip.golang.org/doc/go1.19).

This release has lots of important changes including:
- Enable image streaming everywhere by default on GKE
- Provide more flexibility on utilising the cluster autoscaler with graceful termination.
- Reduced logging verbosity.
```

I don't think our users don't need to update their version of Go (at least I don't think so?) @gongmax WDYT?

How do we feel about this?

> Check the <a href="https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/tree/release-1.27.0-rc">README</a> for details on features, installation and usage.

Reviewer 3: Without `data-proofer-ignore` this is going to fail. See the template: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/googleforgames/agones/main/docs/governance/templates/release.md

**Implemented enhancements:**

- Allow cluster autoscaler to scale down game server pods [\#2747](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/issues/2747)
- \[GKE\] - Should we enable image streaming everywhere? [\#2746](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/issues/2746)
- Support Agones on ARM systems [\#2216](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/issues/2216)
- Update example containers to fix security vulnerabilities [\#1154](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/issues/1154)

> **Fixed bugs:**

Reviewer 3: Bugs, closed issues and merged PRs should be removed. Per the template:

> insert **enhancements** from the changelog and/or **security** and **breaking changes**

- If the user has specified cluster autoscaling behavior for their gameserver then don't overwrite it [\#2754](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/pull/2754) ([roberthbailey](https://github.com/roberthbailey))
- Replace uses of the io/ioutil package [\#2752](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/pull/2752) ([gongmax](https://github.com/gongmax))
- Bump the example images version [\#2751](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/pull/2751) ([gongmax](https://github.com/gongmax))
- Upgrade Go version to 1.19.1 [\#2743](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/pull/2743) ([gongmax](https://github.com/gongmax))
- Added a title to the 1.26.0 release [\#2742](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/pull/2742) ([markmandel](https://github.com/markmandel))
- updates for upcoming release [\#2741](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/pull/2741) ([SaitejaTamma](https://github.com/SaitejaTamma))
- Allocator Informer Event  optimize updateFunc [\#2731](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/pull/2731) ([alvin-7](https://github.com/alvin-7))

Documentation: https://development.agones.dev/site/

> See <a href="https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/blob/release-1.27.0-rc/CHANGELOG.md">CHANGELOG</a> for more details on changes.

Reviewer 3: Without data-proofer-ignore this is going to fail. See the template: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/googleforgames/agones/main/docs/governance/templates/release.md
